docs: clarify how to set max token life in ci/cd docs (#6416)
coder/coder: docs/templates/change-management.md

export CODER_TEMPLATE_DIR=.coder/templates/kubernetes
export CODER_TEMPLATE_VERSION=$(git rev-parse --short HEAD)

# Push the new template version to Coder
coder templates push --yes $CODER_TEMPLATE_NAME \
    --directory $CODER_TEMPLATE_DIR \
    --name=$CODER_TEMPLATE_VERSION # Version name is optional
```

> Looking for an example? See how we push our development image
> and template [via GitHub actions](https://github.com/coder/coder/blob/main/.github/workflows/dogfood.yaml).

> > You need to set `CODER_MAX_TOKEN_LIFETIME` to a higher value on your coder server to allow creating tokens with a more than 1 month life.
> >, e.g., for a system install, you can set `CODER_MAX_TOKEN_LIFETIME=8760h0m0s` in `/etc/coder/coder.env` to allow max token life of 1 year.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> To create tokens with over a 30 day lifetime, [configure Coder server to set a longer max token lifetime](../cli/coder_server#--max-token-lifetime)
```
